# Cordelia Sands

## Discussion of Hannah's Character

Reserved person.

Moving stuff to and from unit.

Will talk to you

Main character has a bunch of stuff he does not want to deal with.

Dalton said Hannah might be interested in what he has in his storage shed because she knows it has been there for a while.  She buys and keeps stuff in her storage unit. 

Stuff that she buys: food in bulk, paper towels, food in bulk, beans in huge bags.

## Improv 1

Source video: [ftp://ftp.lib.aero/making-of-heir/2018-04-26.cordelia/MVI_5737.MOV](ftp://ftp.lib.aero/making-of-heir/2018-04-26.cordelia/MVI_5737.MOV)

Bringing beans to my unit and run into Tom.

Hannah walks up and sees Tom moving stuff around in his unit and watches him for a couple of seconds.

???? means I couldn't pick up the audio.

Hannah:  Hi.

Tom: Oh hi, Tom and extends his hand.

H: Hi I'm H.They shake hands.  Nice to meet you.  You new?

T: yea,  yea, I just inherited this storage unit.

H: hmm, lots of stuff.  I'm next door to you.

T: Oh, umm, hi nice to meet you.

H: likewise. Yea, so whaddya got?

T: great question,  umm I don't know.

H:  you want to get rid of any of it.

T: probably.  I am not really sure what yet. Uh, I don't even know what all this stuff is.

H: wow! look at all those books over there.

T: yea I don't even uh, I see some Stephen King and uh I don't remember anyone who who ????? reading but, you know, but...

H:  you gonna keep em?

T: uh, I don't know yet.

H: well let me think about that.   What else you have?

T: uh stuff I haven't opened yet, lots of boxes. They're heavy.  I don't know what they are but they're heavy.

H: you got any jewelry?

T: I don't know. He chuckles.

H: how about ?????

T:  what you see right now is all I know.

H: huh.

T: as far as I got. Smiling.

H. Hmmm , well I'm next door to you, I'm always looking for stuff.

ARI:  be more specific than that. Me: asked about books,  jewelry. ARI: you had asked about  books, reading, maybe you can talk about that.

H: so, what are you reading these days?

T: umm uh, I can't exactly remember,  it's ?????

H: you don't read?

T: you know I don't put a lot of time into it, umm

H: well I guess you young folks don't read anymore.

T: I used to, I just sorta ran out of time, kind of dropped on the scale of priorities.

H: you read off your computer or a book?

T: I prefer books actually. I like the feel of paper.

H: that's good, that's good because you're not supposed to have that light in your face [gesturing with hand around face, shaking head no] BAD, that's very very bad for you.

ARI: likes not having light in your face.

H: you young folks don't read anymore! And you  just look at these,  these these, phones like you know they’re a person! They're not a person.

T : we do talk to people on the phones.

H: yea but it's like you  text people, you walk down the street doing all this stuff  [using thumbs to illustrate texting while walking with head down]. You don't even look at people anymore.

ARI: And that's bad why?

H: people are meant to talk to each other. To look at each other [gesturing with hand back and forth]. To have conversations.  [Doing the text gesture] this isn't a conversation.  [Gesturing with hand between the two of them] this is a conversation.

T: I???? the 21st century and this phone will ?????? uh, [suppressing a chuckle]

H: that's weird! [with  the hand!] We didn't do that 20 years ago, we didn't do that 30 years ago. I mean that’s weird! I mean that's weird! That's not, that's not the human thing! No! No!

ARI: more of that.

H: [shaking finger at T] You need to talk to people!

T: you didn't call people 30 years ago?

H: yes we talked to people  but we did not do this thing [gesturing texting]. Ya know? We we talked to them and we made appointments  to meet them and have lunch and go out and do things... and we didn't talk on the phone during meals

T : didn't you write letters?

H: we wrote letters yes! We took them to the post office. And it was something you could hold in your hand and touch and feel.

T: what  were your hands touching?

H: the letter! No, no,no,no. This is something that somebody actually wrote, [gesturing writing with a pen] they wrote stuff down on a piece of paper that comes in the mail with your NAME on it and there’s a stamp and an envelope and you open it and you read it and it is just like...

T: okay

H: that's communication! [ emphasizing with hand] So, I have every letter that has  ever been written to me in my unit. [counting off with her fingers] I have love letters, I have letters from my aunt, I have letters from my  father, I have letters from my mother, I have letters from my from my roommate in college, I  have letters from my cousin! I have letters from my pen pal, I have letters from the United States government!

T: I do too. Junk mail. ???????

ARI: so now you are indignant????  Keep going. ????

H : There's proof, there's proof  that the government knows who I am, they know where I live and they want to talk to me and reach out to me. [Tom nods in understanding] I have The first letter I got from the IRS in 1972! [T starts to say something,  then stops] I have that!

T : You get letters from the IRS?

H: yes! All the time!

ARI: where did you find them? What ???

H : They tell me I need to come in and make an appointment about my taxes.

T : that's probably standard IRS letters they tell you ?????

H: well they keep sending them to me and I don't know why. I don't know why you know. I call them, you can't get through, you can't talk to anybody anymore.

T: that's automated.

H: Yeah, and you know you need a person you can talk to so I can't leave a message! So they keep sending me letters! 

T: you probably should go in and see someone.

H: Yeah well I probably should, but it's just when I go down there, there's this line for Jesus and I don't have time. I don't have time to wait. You should be able to walk in and talk to somebody. Just talk to them.

ARI: cut.

## Improv between Tom and Hannah at Hannah's Shed

Source video: [ftp://ftp.lib.aero/making-of-heir/2018-04-26.cordelia/MVI_5738.MOV](ftp://ftp.lib.aero/making-of-heir/2018-04-26.cordelia/MVI_5738.MOV)

Tom walks in.

T: Do you have a moment? [Looking around] Do you have a shed?

H. No. Why do you ask?

T:  So that's a lot of food ou got here.  Is that for a grocery store or something?

H.  No.  You need to keep food.  You need to have food on hand in case something happens!  What if there is like a nuclear war?  What if the electricity goes out because the magnetic poles shifted?  What if we are invaded by aliens?  You have to have Extra food!

T: Why?

H: All the time!

T:  In a storage unit?

H: You could live in this storage unit.

T: I hope not.
H: I have food, I got clothing, I have water, I got stuff to read.  I got it all.  I got a Coleman lamp in here and a composting toilet.  All I need to do is shut that door and I am done.

A:  The food, there is spoilage?

H.  No, you can eat expired food.  It's the nose. [pointing to her nose] Trust your nose.  If it stinks, you don't eat it.  And if it doesn't stink, its good!  You can eat it.

T:  But how can you tell if it stinks with a composting toilet?

I have deodorizer.

T:  [speechless]

A:  No where to go with that, she had you!

C.  You can't argue with crazy.

A:  I like that.  She has to relocate.  How does she deal with the fact that they will shut down the storage unit?

C:  She is in a quandry because ????? and she's been here for decades, so now everywhere else is much more expensive and she lives on a budget, so mayby she is doing it bit by bit in her car.  She has a small car.

A.  A hatchback.

C. You can't even see out the back window.

A.  ??????

C:  Right, exactly. Yeah, a couple of things in there.  Yeah, she is doint herself.  She'll take stuff out, she can't get it in, then she'll have to bring some of it back.  She will be going back and forth in front of Tom's unit.

D.  Does she take new bags of beans and swap out old bags of beans?  No because the old ones are on the bottom.  In her mind if it doesn't stink, it's good.  

A. Alright, I like that.  I want to talk about her wardrobe

## Wardrobe Discussion

Source video: [ftp://ftp.lib.aero/making-of-heir/2018-04-26.cordelia/MVI_7779.MOV](ftp://ftp.lib.aero/making-of-heir/2018-04-26.cordelia/MVI_7779.MOV)

What does H wear?

C. Dresses like an old woman that wears this shirt and some pants and some sneakers and a hat.  Does not have to be a gimmie but could be a wide brimmed.  No make-up

A. Updated classy hat and the rest is not.

E. A different hat every time we see her because maybe everyone from that generation wore hats. 

C. Exactly.  No make-up maybe just some red lipstick, nothing else.  I would say even chin hairs, mustache.  She is like really out there.

A.  So how much of this wardrobe can you bring?

C.  Oh the wardrobe is no problem.  I mean that's going to be a simple thing.

A.  Can you send us a set of pictures in different outfits?

C.  You mean wardrobe?  Okay.

A.  You go in character on different dates.  So won't wear the same thing every day.  That would be wonderful.

C.  Okay.

D.  Have an RV with 7 ???????

E:  ???????

D.  My exes mother she bought herself a van, a sliding door van and it was always packed full with stuff.  You would have to make space to [gestures]

A.  I am thinking about a little hatchback that looks like this filled with junk, and the hatchback doesn't stay up so she has to put a stick to prop it open.

D.  And her clothes.

A.  I want to talk logistics about schedules.  We are going to have the cast come out next week and look at locations and I don't know if I want to drag you all the way out here just for that.  How big a deal is it foryou to come out?

C.  It's not bad what I can do is....

Filming stops.

## SOME NOTES ABOUT HANNAH'S CHARACTER/BACKGROUND

If she has a choice of going out or reading a good book she will read the book in her shed. 

Her home life is just as chaotic.  She sleeps on one side of her bed.  The oter side is piled high with clothing.  If she gets cold during the night she jsut pulls the pile of clothes on top of her. 

Everything is in piles at home and in the shed --piles of jewelry, books, clothes, dry food items, etc. 

There is one shelf in the storage shed that is realatively clutter free.  Her mother's ashes are in a sack on a dusty shelf surrounded by cobwebs and old chrysanthemum leaves.  She won't get rid of the spiders because when the plants were new, they took some of the leaves and wove them into their webs and she considers it a tribute to her mother.  

Her mother was very wealthy.  

Hannah never got over her mother's death and gambled most of her wealth away or helped out friends in need.  She is a very kind-hearted person. 

To make ends meet, she works the night shift at DHL and comes to the shed after to begin moving stuff out, but somehow keeps moving stuff back in because nothing fits in her car which is already filled with more stuff. 

When she was 18 she married an older Italian man who kept her prisoner in their apartment.  She escaped and came back to the U.S. but never remarried. 

She wanted to be a hippy. 

She does not think that she hoards, she thinks this is normal.  
